[ADD] helpdesk: doc about SLA (#647)
odoo/documentation-user: helpdesk/overview/sla.rst

==============================
Service Level Agreements (SLA)
==============================

Service Level Agreements (SLA) are commitments you make with your customers to outline how a
service is delivered. It bolsters trust between you and your customers as it makes clear what
needs to be done, to what standard, and when.

Create your policies
====================

> | First, enable the feature on the settings of the team you would like policies to be applied,
>   going to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| First, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Configuration --> Helpdesk teams` and enable the feature in the appropriate team's settings.
```

Author: I see the value of your suggestion, but I will keep the way I wrote because it states that you choose at which team you would like the policies to be applied. And this is an important piece of info (:

Reviewer: :ok_hand:

> | Create your policies through the team’s settings page, or go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk -->
>   Configuration --> SLA Policies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Create your policies through the team’s settings page or go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk -->
  Configuration --> SLA Policies`.
```

.. image:: media/new_sla.png
   :align: center
   :height: 340
   :alt: View of an SLA form in Odoo Helpdesk

> | Choose to which **Team** the policy is relevant, and the minimum priority a ticket needs to have
>   for the policy to be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Choose to which **Team** the policy is relevant and the minimum priority a ticket needs to have
  for the policy to be applied.
```

Author: hum.. I will keep the comma because, otherwise, the sentence gets tiring and hard to be read.

Reviewer: I still think that it is grammatically better to remove the comma, but I get your point.

Author: ok.. changed!

> | **Target** is the stage a ticket needs to reach within the period defined in order to satisfy the
>   SLA. The period to reach the given stage is based on the ticket’s creation date, and a deadline is
>   set on the ticket’s form once it matches an SLA policy rule. If a ticket has more than one policy
>   applied to it, the closest deadline of all SLAs is the one considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Target** is the stage a ticket needs to reach within the period defined to satisfy the
  SLA. The period is based on the ticket’s creation date and a deadline is
  set on the ticket’s form once it matches an SLA policy rule. If a ticket has more than one policy
  applied to it, the closest deadline of all SLAs is the one considered.
```

| When a ticket has satisfied an SLA policy, the SLA tag appears in green and the deadline field
  is not shown anymore.

.. image:: media/ticket_green_tag.png
   :align: center
   :height: 330
   :alt: View of a ticket’s form emphasizing a satisfied SLA in Odoo Helpdesk

SLA Analysis
============

> Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Reporting --> SLA Status Analysis`. Apply *Filters* and
> *Group by* in the interest of identifying tickets that should be prioritized, and keep track of
> upcoming deadlines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk --> Reporting --> SLA Status Analysis`. Apply *Filters* and
*Group by* to identify tickets that should be prioritized and keep track of
upcoming deadlines.
```
